JC here again for retired Chief Todd
Asia you know sometimes I even get
surprised at how cheap things are you
know so I'm always trying to pass on to
you when I'm surprised about something
and I did a video before about a
motorcycle repair I had done well today
I also got another motorcycle repair
done you know in the front forks of the
motorcycle there's Springs and fluid and
stuff like that well the bike I'm riding
around on it he's probably about nine
years old now so the springs and shocks
are a little bit worn out so i made it
sort of an appointment to show up at
about ten o'clock today to get the
motorcycle repair I wasn't sure how much
this is going to cost because they have
to take disassemble the whole front fork
system and take the springs out in the
clips and everything and put new Springs
new fluid and everything put it all back
together so I went ahead and had all
this done and then I was sort of like
confused when I asked how much the price
was so I had to ask are you sure it was
150 bond that's like five dollars five
hours to take a carcass whole thing put
new Springs and this is with the cost of
the springs and the food and everything
and the labor to put it back together
this was amazing to know if it did was
like wow and the fight drives a lot
better now so you know when you come
over get back home the fuel is expensive
vehicles expensive insurance is
expensive my father just told me thanks
pain a thousand dollars twice a year for
a small Toyota to drive around small
Toyota I mean this is crazy so you know
when I when I sort of realize how much
I'm paying I pay three dollars in
something a week for fuel and five hours
for repair like that was amazing so I
just wanted to pass that on to you and
show you you know at when you're on a
budget living over here yeah you trade
off some things but you gained so much
more so I hope that's been helpful and
enlightening and I'll throw the pictures
on you probably saw him while you were
watching this of the guy taking apart
the bike and stuff so remember no matter
how bad things get back home there's
always an option
Oh